---
title: "Projects"
date: 2023-08-22
categories:
  - Projects
---
## 1.KeySec
Hello everyone and welcome to our capstone project-01. We are given a task to implement keyboard biometric security system. we have used the following libraries to implement this project: 
1. TypingDNA,  
2. Auth0,  
3. ERN stack.

The authentication is handled by Auth0, the user data is stored in Auth0. whenever user logs into the webpage he will be given three options to record his keyboard biometrics. The typing pattern is stored in TypingDNA. The typing pattern is captured by TypingDNA and sent to the server. The server then sends the typing pattern to TypingDNA for verification. TypingDNA then sends the result to the server. The server then sends the result to the client. The client then displays the result to the user.

### Installation guide for the project:

Clone the repository  
Run npm install in NodeJs folder and React_Auth0 folder.  

### To run the project:

Run npm start in sub folders anytext,login and sametext in NodeJs folder and React_Auth0 folder.


## 2.Malware Detection using behavior analysis
This study focuses on experimenting with an ensemble approach that combines Convolutional Neural Networks CNNs with different machine learning algorithms. The goal is to improve the accuracy of classifying malware and benign programs while also conserving computational power.
Our code implementation can be found here "https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1O10OV0HXsKGpwicyt9zubIGf8JGUy_eL?authuser=3#scrollTo=T6xGK7Nt5SEN"